What else do you have to say now?
i
When I first stole something, you framed Xiao San
I know you're still a child and don't understand
But I didn't expect
You are fighting for the property of the Jiang family
Pretending to be Xiaocan to grab the power
And you have to kill people
Turn the life around
and
And let me be in public
Such a humiliation
Birthday party
I should thank him
It's a side dish to be thanked
Instead of your scheming
Ahahahaha
I went to dinner to be a father
And you want me
You are my saviors
Let my little silkworm have pointy points
And me.
I have never really cared about the silkworm
Instead, he kept suppressing him with his sister's identity
Misunderstand him
Your current pair
Who do you show your heartbroken appearance to?
You willingly treat me well
Also voluntarily did not want him
Anyway, I am now Jiang Jiang's only son
Even if I do something wrong
What can you do with me?
Is my only son
OK
Start today.
you
No longer my son
Here's a video of their attempted murder
Submission police
Angry by the police
Yes, yes, hahaha.
Grandpa
We know wrong.
I beg you not to hand this over
Otherwise, Xiaolin's life will be over, sir
Yeah dad yeah dad
You have loved me the most since I was a child
I'm also afraid that you won't hurt me anymore
Will be confused for a while
Please forgive me.
What are you waiting for?
Go soon
Ok no
You go get ready
Together We Are
Go apologize to the mistress
Who sent the cake?
Young Master, this is sent by the Jiang family
Said it was to make up for your birthday
And let me tell you
He already knows everything
Liu Ru and Jiang Li have been sent to the police station
I guess I won't be able to get out in my life
Ah, I see.
The Jiang family is downstairs now
I see them as sincerely repentant
See if you forgive them.
Invite them up.